                     COMMERCIAL USE SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE
                         Version 1, 7 November 2018

Copyright (C) 2018 Phase Genomics, Inc. <https://phasegenomics.com>. All 
rights reserved.

                      LICENSING SUPPLEMENT APPLICABILITY

Any form of for-profit or commercial use of this software is permitted
subject to the following additional Terms and conditions, in addition to 
any other terms, rules, restrictions, or other conditions specified under 
other licenses governing its general use ("Public Licenses").

                             TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Use of this software, or redistribution in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, for commercial purposes or in a commercial setting is
permitted (subject to the limitations in the disclaimer below) provided that
all terms in Public Licenses applied to this software are met, and provided
that the following additional conditions are met: 

1.	All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software 
must display the following acknowledgement:
  This <product/service> includes <software/the use of software> developed 
  by Phase Genomics, Inc., in Seattle, WA.

2.	Distributions of data generated through the use of this software as 
part of a service provided by a commercial or for-profit organization must
be accompanied by the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, the 
Public Licensing terms associated with this software, and the following
acknowledgement and the disclaimer below:
  This data was generated using software developed by Phase Genomics, Inc.,
  in Seattle, WA.

3.      Neither the names of the copyright holders nor the names of their 
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this 
software without specific prior written permission.


NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED LICENSES TO ANY PARTY’S PATENT RIGHTS ARE GRANTED BY 
THIS LICENSE. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND 
CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS 
OR THEIR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; 
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR 
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
